docs: mention RuleTester static properties (#9874)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: docs/packages/Rule_Tester.mdx

import InvalidTestCase from '!!raw-loader!../../packages/rule-tester/src/types/InvalidTestCase.ts';

<CodeBlock language="ts">{InvalidTestCase}</CodeBlock>

## Static Properties

Each of the following properties may be assigned to as static members of the `RuleTester` class.

For example, to assign `afterAll`:

```ts
import { RuleTester } from '@typescript-eslint/rule-tester';

RuleTester.afterAll = () => {
  // ...
};
```

### `afterAll`

Runs after all the tests in this file have completed.

### `describe`

Creates a test grouping.

### `describeSkip`

> Skips running the tests inside this `describe` for the current file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skips running the tests inside this `describe`.
```

### `it`

Creates a test closure.

### `itOnly`

> Only runs this test in the current file.

Reviewer: The existing wording admits at least two interpretations
1. "Only runs _this_ test (in the current file)." - the intended interpretation
2. "Only runs this test in the _current_ file." - a wrong interpretation that makes it sound like a test can be run in multiple files otherwise, whatever that might mean. (this is my initial parse of this sentence)

```suggestion
Skips all other tests in the current file.
```

### `itSkip`

> Skips running this test in the current file.

Reviewer: Not sure what the current file really has to do with it 🤷 
```suggestion
Skips running this test.
```
